[android_alarm_manager] Added ability to get id in the callback (#1985)
flutter/plugins: packages/android_alarm_manager/CHANGELOG.md

> ## 0.4.4

Reviewer: No exists on pub dart

Reviewer: Thank you

> * Now `id` will passed to `callback` if it is of type `Function(int)`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Add `id` to `callback` if it is of type `Function(int)`
```
